1. Instead of executing npx start and npx build commands can create scripts in package.json file under scripts section. 
   "scripts": {
    "start": "parcel index.html",
    "build": "parcel build index.html"
   }

   or 

   "scripts": {
    "start": "npx parcel index.html",
    "build": "npx parcel build index.html"
   }

   And execute the below commands to start and build the react app.
   npm run start or npm start
   npm run build 

2. Just like DOM elements React has react elements which are equivalent to DOM elements.
3. React element is not a html element. React element is an object.
4. React.createElement creates an object and when rendered to DOM becomes like html element.

   Eg: const parent = React.createElement("div",{id:"parent"},"Welcome to React");
       const root = ReactDOM.createRoot(document.getElementById('root'));
       root.render(parent);
    
    ReactDOM converts react element which is an object to html element and renders on the browser

5. To replace the regular way and make developer friendly, more readable of creating react elements JSX was 
   introduced which is javascript syntax to create react elements.

6. We can write react code without JSX as well, react and JSX both are different. JSX makes developers life easy.

7. JSX is nothing but merging of html and javascript

8. JSX is not HTML in javascript, it is like HTML like syntax i.e., looks like html.

9. A html element in JSX can be created in following way:

   const parent = <h1>Welcome to React</h1>;
   const parent = React.createElement("div",{id:"parent"},"Welcome to React");

   Above two types of syntaxes are same. Using both ways can create react element.

10.JSX is an easiest syntax or way to create react elements.

11.JS engine cannot understand JSX code. Parcel transpiles the JSX code into React element which is a JS object 
   with the help of a package called babel and rendered as html element using react method called render.

12.babel is a package called transpiler or js compiler exists behind the scenes of parcel which transpiles 
   JSX code into react element.

13.Need to use camel case while assigning attributes to html elements in JSX.
   const parent = <h1 className="root">Welcome to React</h1>;

14.A valid JSX code is written in single line. In order to split the html code in JSX need to enclose within
   paranthesis.
   
15. There are two types of components in React
    1. Functional component - new way to write code in react
    2. Class component - old way to write code in react

16.Class components uses js classes whereas Functional components uses js functions to create components

17.Functional component is nothing but a js function which returns some piece of JSX or a react element. 
   A functional component name should start in capital case.

18.Component inside another component is known as component composition.

19.Can use both arrow functions and normal functions to create react elemments in functional component.

20.JSX sanitizes the data enclosed in curly braces to avoid cross side scriptng.

21.